org/myself/DAL/CustomerDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.CustomerDAO
org/myself/gui/SuppliersPageController.java
 org.myself.gui.SuppliersPageController
org/myself/DAL/Supplierstype.java
 org.myself.DAL.Supplierstype
org/myself/App.java
 org.myself.App
org/myself/DAL/Supplier.java
 org.myself.DAL.Supplier
org/myself/DAL/TotalorderDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.TotalorderDAO
org/myself/DAL/Customer.java
 org.myself.DAL.Customer
org/myself/gui/CustomersPageController.java
 org.myself.gui.CustomersPageController
org/myself/gui/OrdersPageController.java
 org.myself.gui.OrdersPageController
org/myself/gui/DashboardController.java
 org.myself.gui.DashboardController
org/myself/DAL/Employee.java
 org.myself.DAL.Employee
org/myself/DAL/Purchase.java
 org.myself.DAL.Purchase
org/myself/DAL/BengreenDB.java
 org.myself.DAL.BengreenDB
org/myself/DAL/RubriqueDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.RubriqueDAO
org/myself/DAL/Rubrique.java
 org.myself.DAL.Rubrique
org/myself/DAL/OrderdetailDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.OrderdetailDAO
org/myself/DAL/Totalorder.java
 org.myself.DAL.Totalorder
org/myself/DAL/SupplierDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.SupplierDAO
org/myself/DAL/Product.java
 org.myself.DAL.Product
org/myself/DAL/Orderdetail.java
 org.myself.DAL.Orderdetail
org/myself/DAL/PurchaseDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.PurchaseDAO
org/myself/gui/MenuController.java
 org.myself.gui.MenuController
org/myself/gui/EmployeesPageController.java
 org.myself.gui.EmployeesPageController
org/myself/DAL/ProductDAO.java
 org.myself.DAL.ProductDAO
org/myself/gui/ProductsPageController.java
 org.myself.gui.ProductsPageController
